## 10-25-2022 

# 9:30
Everyone showed up

Everyone filled out the new IP agreement again

Discussed Michaels formatting for the dashboard 

# 9:35

Gabe providing his aliases for flush and fresh

Michael is working on the wiki for our repo

Andrew is closing sprint 3 and creating a project for sprint 4

# 9:45

Discussing tasks for this sprint 

Going to divide the 4 major pages equally 

have decided that we need a consistent layout 

Sent out team agreement back to prof

Gabe is doing Groups

Tanner is doing bookings

Michael is doing the dashboard

Andrew is doing accomodations 

# 9:50 

Gabe is creating the issues for the pages 


# 9:55 

discussing how we will have relations between tables (primary keys etc)

setting up seeders, factories and models for groups 

# 10:10 

Discussing how we want to display information to RA

RA will not have a region but rather maybe a specific disaster (still up for debate)

Gabe is giving us the run-down of the client meeting 

