# COSC499 Client Meeting 4

Date: Tuesday, October 11th, 2022

Time: 4PM-4:30PM

Location: UBCO Capstone Discord Channel

*Gabriel is the Client Liason for Group A, alongside the other liasons Mashad (Group B) and Akshaj (Group C)*

A few people from group B and C joined in just to listen

### 4:00
- Gabriel, Mashad, Mohammed and George join Discord
- George reminds Gabriel about the Temporary IP agreement
- Akshaj thought the meeting was at 4:30

### 4:03
- Akshaj and Sunvat join

## Question Period

- Question (Gabriel): "I know we went over this in the last few weeks, but Michael said that he's going to be in contact with interested parties about
GEMS. I know the main project is still the same, but to what extent will this stuff also apply?"
	- Answer: "Mike is just thinking about how this project could be fleshed out in the future, so he wants to keep in contact with the necessary people.
	Chances are that more things will come up, but depending on how big the pivot would be it may or may not be relevant."
	- In essence, stuff may come up to flesh out features, but anything bigger than that isn't a concern.

### 4:07
- Question (Akshaj): "Will admin login just be username, password? Or will it be something like employee ID or email?"
	- Answer: "Just username, password yeah."
- Question (Akshaj): "Also how big will the Regions be?"
	- Answer: "That I'm not sure. There may be a list of regions like Tourism regions that we may go off of, like Thompson Okanagan, Mainland etc., but we don't have that information right now."
- Question (Akshaj): "Do we have to host the project? If so how?"
	- Answer: "You don't have to worry about hosting. If one of you has a server and wants to give it a go, go ahead, but you don't need to spend the money."

- No questions from Mashad, they're primarily focussing on presentation.

## Progress Report
### 4:12
- Gabriel gives update
	- Primarily focusing on the Project Presentation this Friday
	- We have the development environment all set up
	- We're using Docker, MariaDB and have the project set up with Laravel, Inertia, Vue, Vite and Tailwind

- Akshaj gives update
	- Also focusing on the presentation
	- They're trying to get stuff set up this week, hoping the project will be ready to develop by end of week
	
- Mashad gives update'
	- Primarily trying to get MariaDB working

- George says that nothing's changed requirements wise
- Has already reminded me about IP agreement, get it in as soon as possible

## Closing
### 4:15
- Anything else?
- Liasons say no
- George just clarifies that next week's meeting will be 4:00 Monday.

- Farewells and good wishes as usual.

### 4:17
Meeting Ajourned.
