# COSC499 Client Meeting 13

Date: Monday, December 12th, 2022

Time: 4PM-4:30PM

Location: UBCO Capstone Discord Channel

*Gabriel is the Client Liason for Group A, alongside Mashad (Group B) and Akshaj (Group C)*

### 4:00
- Gabriel, Akshaj, Mashad and George join the chat
- Greetings and asking about how it's going for this coming exam season

## Project Update
### 4:02

- Gabriel (Group A)
    - Mainly just focused on preparing for the peer evaluations
    - to do this, Michael rejigged our styling and made it look great
    - Tanner and Andrew were busy with other projects, didn't do a ton last week, but got great feedback from the peer testing 
- Akshaj (Group C)
  - got lots of suggestions and critiques about the frontend of their project 
  - still setting up the backend, didn't have it ready for the peer testing
      - a couple of members from the group are working full time on that
  - first draft with basic functionality has been completed, and like Group A, will be looking into feedback and suggestions

- Mashad (Group B)
  - Also lots of info on design and functionality
    - One in particular was regarding emails and registering using incorrect/non emails
        - should be invalid and protected against 
  - also ended up working on the design and color scheme, taking inspiration from the main Glohaven.com website
  - Backend and stuff is still not done either.

## Questions 
### 4:06

- No questions from Group B
- No project questions from Group C
- Question (Akshaj): Just a question about our plans for Group C to show off the project so far
                     What time would work the best for you George? If it's this week, then what time?
  - Answer: Depends on what works for your group. Any day except for from 2 to 4 on Wednesday, and not in the evenings

- Question (Gabriel): Is there a consistent color scheme or palate that we should be taking inspiration from or should we just do what Group B is doing and take colors from the main website
  - Answer: There is a consistent theming that I will ask the other team members about. For now using the color picker is absolutely fine
  
- Question (Gabriel): Group A was also wanting to give a demonstration, but this week probably won't work for our team members. If we were to have something next week, would there be any times that work best?
    - Answer: Pretty much the same as the answer for Akshaj, any time I'm not in meetings is fine, except next Wednesday, I won't be free from 1:30 to 4. Talk to your group and get back to me.

- Question (Gabriel): Last question, what is the plan for the coming weeks since it will be exam season and winter break for us students?
    - Answer: We don't expect you guys to make much progress over winter break, so if we have our last meeting next week, then take a break until school starts up again in January.
        - works for all of the liasons, Just want to know when our first meeting would be then
    - Monday the 9th doesn't work for Mashad as he doesn't so 4:00 on Tuesday January 10th is chosen
        - From then on it should just be the Mondays exept for the holiday week in February, but we'll touch base
    - if anything is ever needed over the holidays, then feel free to reach out though.

## Client Update + Wrap up
- George says there's nothing new on his end
- so if  there's nothing else then we can call it for today.
- Everybody agrees.
- George says to have a good week. Talk to you next week.
  
Meeting Ajourned
