# COSC499 Client Meeting 4

Date: Monday, October 3rd, 2022

Time: 4PM-4:30PM

Location: UBCO Capstone Discord Channel

*Gabriel is the Client Liason for Group A, alongside the other liasons Mashad (Group B) and Akshaj (Group C)*

Group C had a few things to ask the client regarding paper prototypes so the rest of Group C showed up as well.

### 4:00
- Gabriel, Mashad and George join Discord
- George asked how things were going
	- Mashad says that things were good, their team had a meeting on Sunday
	- Gabriel says that things were also going well, update on what we were doing
- Akshaj along with Harkeerat, and others also popped in over the course of the hour

### 4:05
- Akshaj asks George if their group can get feedback on paper prototypes. George agrees.
- Harkeerat shows their	
	- cool ideas, kind of like Reddit mixed with a messaging app
	- only had the Emergency Service person's login and accomodation add/edit page
		- different checkboxes for yes no queries to accomodations. Really cool idea
	- asks if those were along the lines of what we're going for. George says it is.

### 4:10
- Person named Todd joins the 
	- Apparently is Glohaven's CTO, says that he just wants to sit in and listen

## Questions Period
### 5:38
 - Question (Gabriel): "Do you guys have any information on Docker? My group's trying to figure out how to run our stack, and was wondering if you had any resources."

	- Answer: "There is a lot of things online, and the Docker documentation has a lot of educational sections."
	- This spun off into another conversation

- George asks what kind of things we are planning on
	- Gabriel answers mainly Redis and MySQL
- George says that that's great, but feel free to
- Todd chimes in and recommends that if GEMS is going to be integrated into the main site, then homogenity is probably the way to go 
- George explains how it's mainly it's own separate thing, and likely won't be using the same database as the main Glohaven app
- So the TL;DR is that if we want to try something new like Postgres, or even a non-relational database feel free to
	- will probably ask at tomorrow's meeting

### 4:15
- Question (Gabriel): "Since Monday is a holiday, when did we want to meet next week?"
	- Answer: "Does Tuesday at 4 work for all of you."
	- Works for all of us, so next week's meeting is Tuesday at 4 instead of Monday at 4.

### 4:20
- George asks if there's anything else to report
- Liasons talk about whether the IP Agreement was supposed to be made by the teams or the university
	- Answer is the latter, but a temporary template was provided just in case companies were needing one immediately.
-Asked George if he thinks we'll need one.
	- George said it's probably a good idea.
	- TODO: make IP agreement on Tuesday

## Closing
### 4:22 
- Anything else?
- Liasons say no, and Group C members also say no.

- Farewells and good wishes as usual.

### 6:05
Meeting Ajourned.
