# COSC499 Client Meeting 10

Date: Monday, November 21st, 2022

Time: 4PM-4:30PM

Location: UBCO Capstone Discord Channel

*Gabriel is the Client Liason for Group A, alongside Mashad (Group B) and Akshaj (Group C)*

### 4:00
- Gabriel, Akshaj, Mashad, George join the chat
- share greetings, and George asks how midterm season has been going
  - all three liasons say it's been okay/good, all glad it's done

## Client Update
### 4:02
- George said that he had a chance to talk to Mike about GEMS pictures
- Brought attention to the link that's in the Discord
  - can be found at https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oNaVHqtHw5DO2ESeY3UznIg_ScPUWJXJ?usp=sharing
  
## Project Update
### 4:02
- Mashad (Group B)
  - John and Mashad have been working hard on the frontend design
    - Have been using Lucid Chart to figure out the design
    - Haven't actually started coding, but will hopefully be coming soon
  - Doesn't have much to report about the backend, as the other two group 
    members are the ones focusing on that. Doesn't know what's all going on there

- Akshaj (Group C)
  - All the groups had to submit the tasks for the Peer Review coming up soon
  - realized that not all of the functionality of the site that they wanted was there
  - going to be focussing on that this week, but other than that, the front end is coming smoothly
  - Hope to start on the databases soon.

- Gabriel (Group A)
  - Similar situation from Group A, we made the peer testing tasks, and realized that there is a few 
    things coming up soon that need to get done, so those are what we're going to work on this week
  - aside from that, we worked on the landing page, the layout that the dashboard will have throughout a signed in experience
  - This week we'll probably finish up some of the requirements for the testing, but 
    other than that, we think that the preliminary backend is finished.


## Question Period
### 4:06

- Mashad and Akshaj don't have any questions, but Gabriel does about pictures
- Question (Gabriel): Are we okay to take the pictures you've provided and just put them straight
                      into the project or should we use internet links for the src's?
  - Answer: Yes, you can just put the pictures right into the project. We won't be hosting the 
            resources externally.
- Question (Gabriel): Additionally, will there be any other pictures that will be provided? 
                      Or will it primarily just be the icons? Just asking because we're wondering
                      about background images on things like our landing page or other pages.
  - Answer: As of right now, there are no other pictures, just the logos that have been provided
            in the Google Drive folder. This may change during or after the Capstone, since some
            clients of the software may want to provide their own images as background, but if 
            there are any other pictures, they'll be added to the folder.  

### 4:14
- George asks if the Peer Review is just for classmates or if they also expect the client to come
  - Answer that we'd probably have to check in with the professor. 
  - All else fails we can do a demonstration on Discord
- Says that if there is a Client Demonstration that happens during Finals season, to let him know
- Aside from that, that's all that on George's part
- if there's anything else that will be added to the pictures folder, 
  then he'll add them to the folder and let us know
- If that's it then we'll talk next week
- nothing else from anyone,
  
Meeting Ajourned
