# COSC499 Client Meeting 12

Date: Monday, December 5th, 2022

Time: 4PM-4:30PM

Location: UBCO Capstone Discord Channel

*Gabriel is the Client Liason for Group A, alongside Mashad (Group B) and Akshaj (Group C)*

### 4:00
- Gabriel, Akshaj, Mashad and George join the chat
- Greetings and asking about how it's going for this coming exam season

## Project Update
### 4:02

- Gabriel (Group A)
    - Mainly just focused on preparing for the peer evaluations
    - to do this, Michael rejigged our styling and made it look great
    - Tanner and Andrew were busy with other projects, didn't do a ton last week, but got great feedback from the peer testing 
- Akshaj (Group C)
  - got lots of suggestions and critiques about the frontend of their project 
  - still setting up the backend, didn't have it ready for the peer testing
      - a couple of members from the group are working full time on that
  - first draft with basic functionality has been completed, and like Group A, will be looking into feedback and suggestions

- Mashad (Group B)
  - Also lots of info on design and functionality
    - One in particular was regarding emails and registering using incorrect/non emails
        - should be invalid and protected against 
  - also ended up working on the design and color scheme, taking inspiration from the main Glohaven.com website
  - Backend and stuff is still not done either.

## Questions 
### 4:06

- No questions from Group B
- Just a question about when Group C can meet with George to show off their progress.
    - Says that any day this wee 

- no questions from 
  - Just wondering about when

- Question (Gabriel): Is there a consistent color scheme or palate that we should be taking inspiration from or should we just do what Group B is doing
  - There is a consistent 

also 2-4 on wednesday

next week we'll take a few weeks break

9th of january, and 

next week last 
-mashad says 9th doesnt work if we wanna do 10th

first meeting bsck

touch base mondays after that

if we wanna reach out about stuff he'll let you know and otherwise talke next week

other than that, well talk next week

- Gabriel (Group A)
  - A lot of work has been done in the last week to get prepared for the peer review coming up soon.
  - Just puting some of the finishing touches on the frontend, and doing what we can to make last minute improvements
  - We're able to create update and delete all of the different models that we've been working on, which is a great feeling.
  - Hoping to get some good feedback on friday.

- Mashad (Group B)
  - Putting some final touches on their frontend and backend
  - they have also been focussing on the peer review that's coming up, but they've made some great progress.

## Client Update
### 4:06
- Not much to report, nothing big happening for Gems as of late, and so no worries there.
- Mashad asks if there were any updates last week either, since he had to leave early
  - George reports that there weren't, just that the images were available if he hadn't seen
- it's a relatively quiet time right now, so there likely won't be many changes in this season
  
  
### 4:08
- George asks if there are any other things/questions
- Gabriel says that though there's no client peer testing, Group A could probably give some sort of demo in the next few weeks
  - George says that'd be great
- Anything else? 
- Everybody says no
- George says to have a great week, look forward to the examples we may have in the coming weeks

Meeting Ajourned
