# COSC499 Client Meeting 14

Date: Tuesday January 10th, 2023

Time: 3:30PM-4:00PM

Location: UBCO Capstone Discord Channel

*Gabriel is the Client Liason for Group A, alongside Mashad (Group B) and Akshaj (Group C)*

### 3:30
- Gabriel and Akshaj join the Capstone chat 
- George and Mashad nowhere to be seen 

### 3:35
- George joins 
  - Was just dealing with his dog
- Mashad is still nowhere to be seen, so the meeting starts without him

## Plans for this Semester
- George asks about what the school side of this 
	- Gabe and Akshaj say that we haven't had a class yet, so we don't really know
    	- Future Gabe here: apparently we have until mid March to work on the changes and finish the MVP functionality
    	- Mid March to the end is focused on Documentation and minor bug fixes 
- Akshaj says that his group hasn't convined yet to talk about what they're doing
- Gabriel tells George about how we're going to focus on improving the functionality of what we have and then get started on some of the bonuses
- George says that both of our projects look really good, and if we want to get started on the bonuses like
  - API routes
  - Heatmap
  - Regional districts
- Tell him that we'll have a better timeline next week after we've had an actual class.
- Aside from that George just wants to know if Akshaj can send an example video of their project for Mike
  - Says he will once the mini changes are made.

## Progress Report
- Gabriel and Akshaj say that the groups have been dormant since the end of the last semester
- All good though, since we weren't expected to work on it


## Question Period
### 3:45
- Akshaj doesn't have any questions
- Question (Gabriel): This isn't a question about the project details but I was wondering
  how the project will be given when all is said and done?
  - Answer: If it's anything like George's capstone, it will probably just be a case of cloning the repos into Glohaven's GitLab, sprucing them up and then showing it to interested parties. 
  - We'll also take any of the documentation as well. 
    - Hopefully we don't have to physically print it out on paper like was needed at OC.

## Closing
### 3:54
- Apparently there are talks with some people coming up in the next few months, so if any information is given then George will relay that.
- Additionally, we talk about how the client meetings
  - Ask if they're good to be done on Tuesdays at 3:30
    - Everyone agrees, so it's settled, as long as it's ok with Mashad
- Anything else?
- Liasons say no
- Talk to you guys next week

###  4:58
Meeting Adjourned

