# COSC499 Client Meeting 11

Date: Monday, November 28th, 2022

Time: 4PM-4:30PM

Location: UBCO Capstone Discord Channel

*Gabriel is the Client Liason for Group A, alongside Mashad (Group B) and Akshaj (Group C)*

### 4:00
- Gabriel, Akshaj, Mashad, George join the chat
- Akshaj is in a hurry, and starts the project update 

## Project Update
### 4:02
- Akshaj (Group C)
  - There hasn't been much to report, their frontend is shaping up, but they're still trying to figure out the databases and backend

- Gabriel (Group A)
  - A lot of work has been done in the last week to get prepared for the peer review coming up soon.
  - Just puting some of the finishing touches on the frontend, and doing what we can to make last minute improvements
  - We're able to create update and delete all of the different models that we've been working on, which is a great feeling.
  - Hoping to get some good feedback on friday.

- Mashad (Group B)
  - Putting some final touches on their frontend and backend
  - they have also been focussing on the peer review that's coming up, but they've made some great progress.

## Client Update
### 4:06
- Not much to report, nothing big happening for Gems as of late, and so no worries there.
- Mashad asks if there were any updates last week either, since he had to leave early
  - George reports that there weren't, just that the images were available if he hadn't seen
- it's a relatively quiet time right now, so there likely won't be many changes in this season
  
  
### 4:08
- George asks if there are any other things/questions
- Gabriel says that though there's no client peer testing, Group A could probably give some sort of demo in the next few weeks
  - George says that'd be great
- Anything else? 
- Everybody says no
- George says to have a great week, look forward to the examples we may have in the coming weeks

Meeting Ajourned
