# COSC499 Client Meeting 2

Date: Monday, September 26th, 2022

Time: 5PM-6PM

Location: UBCO Capstone Discord Channel

*Gabriel is the Client Liason for Group A, alongside the other liasons Mashad (Group B) and Akshaj (Group C)*

As per the document, only the Client Liasons showed up. May change as more questions arise.

### 5:30
- Joined the Discord Voicechat alongside Akshaj and George from Glohaven
- Mashad was having trouble finding which Discord we were in
- Asked George how things were going at the company, says it's going well
- George asked how the first few weeks of school have been

### 5:35
- Mashad finally finds his way into the Discord. Greetings all around.
- George decides that we should start with any questions before we report our progress.


## Questions Period
### 5:38
 - Question (Gabriel): "We did an excercise in class last week on use cases, and Group A was confused on how the chain of events goes. We were just wondering if you could clarify why the reservation agent needs to log in, and if they log in for every call they recieve?"

	- Answer: "The website will be live on the internet, and will be available to the public, so there will be a generic landing page. But for now, we're only going to be making the tools for the reservation agent. (Maybe in the future there will be a way for the public to make their groups.)So we need the log in to make sure that the public can't access those tools. As for the logging in every time, the reservation agent just logs in and THEN he recieves calls, so he can input the information and create a booking or a group entity. (i.e. just log in once, then does his job.)"

### 5:42
- Question (Akshaj): "So it`s the reservation agent creating the accomodation?"
	- Answer: "Yes, the reservation agent is the one that creates the accomodation, and as accomodations change or free up, he`s the one that handles it"
-Follow-Up (Akshaj): "If it's the reservation agent is the one creating the booking, then what if all the accomodations are booked? Does he just call and see what's free?"
	- George doesn't understand the question
- (Akshaj)	    "Like, what if someone booked at a hotel, and rooms weren't available? What if they didn't book with Glohaven?"
	- Answer: "Oh, no, the accomodations will only be through Glohaven.
		 The reservation agent will be someone from emergency services or the BC government that will have the accomodations that hotels and other entities agree to provide.
		 Like, if a school has a gym floor or a hotel gives 50 emergency rooms, then those are set aside for emergency services, and will only be booked through Glohaven"

### 5:48
- Question (Gabriel): "Relating to that, does that mean that the reservation agent will be the one inputting the accomodation information?"
	- Answer: "Yes, as of right now, he's the one that will handle it all, inputting accomodations, that information, and the group information and bookings as well."

- Follow-Up (Gabriel): "So there's only one user for all of these different jobs?"
	- Answer: "For right now, yes. 99% of the site's usage will be with the reservation agent for right now. Maybe in the future, if we wanted to go down that route, we could have multiple users for putting in accomodation information, and doing the bookings, but it's not a requirement for right now."

### 5:53
- Question (Gabriel): "One more question, is there a specific way that the agent will put in the information? Like will it be it's own page, or should it be a CSV reader?"
	- Answer: "In the future, it would probably be good to have both, for flexibility, but for now, it should be its own input page with all the relevent fields."
- Mashad doesn't have any questions.

## Progress report.
### 5:55 
- None of us have really done much do do with this particular project aside from team meetings.
- Akshaj says that Group C is setting up the repo this week though, and will give a progress report next week.
- Gabriel says that Group A has set up the repo and have just been making the Super-Tasks and milestones. Can probably give a progress report next week.
- Mashad says that Group B is meeting on Tuesday, and will let George know next week or in Discord if anything big comes up.

## The Message from Michael.
### 6:00
- Earlier on Monday, Michael sent a large message in Discord relating to a meeting he had with a couple of Emergency Support Services Directors
	- Has let us know that they're frustrated with the lack of tools to manage these situations.
	- Will be giving Michael a list of the important aspects and questions that pertain to accomodations, booking accomodations, and many other things
	
- George has said that that update was primarily to keep us updated and help us to feel involved and help with the ideas that we may try to impliment
	- Says he'll distill all of the information to what will be useful for the job at hand right now.
	- Says he'll update the document that they gave us, so we should keep our eyes open for that.

- For right now, the base use case has been set in stone, and that won't change at all. If anything else is added, it'll just be extra on top of that.

## Closing

- Nothing much else to talk about on the liason side

- George says that today was okay for meeting time, but wouldn't work generally. Mondays at 4:00 should be when we start from now on
	- will also have to figure out when holidays are on Mondays. Will go on case by case basis.

### 6:05
Meeting Ajourned.

