# COSC499 Client Meeting 6

Date: Monday, October 24th, 2022

Time: 4PM-4:30PM

Location: UBCO Capstone Discord Channel

*Gabriel is the Client Liason for Group A, alongside the other liasons Mashad (Group B) and Akshaj (Group C)*


### 4:00
- Gabriel, Mashad, Akshaj and George all join the Discord
- greetings, and asking how things are this week. All good all around
- Akshaj has a question, so we start off with that

## Question Period
### 4:02
- Question (Akshaj): Our team is a little confused about emergency service people and registration agents.
                     We thought  that only registration agents have accounts, but we keep hearing that emergency
    - Answer: RAs are the emergency service people, "RA" is just what we're calling them, and there are multiple accounts 
              for the multiple RAs.
- (Akshaj): But I thought that emergency services people were like firefighters, and policemen. Would they have an assigned RA or do they just sign themselves in?
    - Answer: No, the registration agents are the only ones who deal with accomodations. There are other groups that will be accomodated like firefighters, 
              military etc
- (Gabriel): I think there's just a bit of confusion in the term "emergency service people".
             Registration agents are the people who deal with setting people up with accomodations, and they are the Emergency services people.
             Then there are emergency personelle who are the people who help in an emergency. These aren't RAs, they're just people dealing with the emergency.
- (Akshaj): But who will handle the evacuees then? I thought that those would be the people like the firefighters and people on the ground.
    - Answer: No, the RAs handle everything. The RAs won't necessarily be with emergency services BC, there will be a variety of institutions that
              could have RAs, and each RA has their own account.

### 4:05
- Question (Mashad): I'm assuming we don't have access to Glohaven's database right?
    - Answer: Correct
- (Mashad): So we're making our own data to develop this with?
    - Answer: Yes.
- (Mashad): What does the database look like then? Like what does the information for the GEMS project look like
    -Answer: Technically speaking, there is no database. This is a new project and no emergency service places have any sort of database, 
             they all do their work via spreadsheets and phone calls. So you just base your development database on the document that we gave you
             
### 4:08
- Question (Gabriel): We were talking in my group and wanted to know if every RA has the same permissions. 
                      Wondering if there'd be a reason to have some users with no access to certain functions.
    -Answer: THe idea, at least for now is that there are no levels of users, just one admin access level, and work off that.

### 4:09
- Question (Gabriel): We were also wondering what the relation is between a group and its members.
                      Like do we have a people model and have many people in a group, or do we just deal with the contact?
    -Answer: Similar to how you'd book a hotel there's one primary name on the bookeing, and you'd maybe take names, basic contact info, 
             but it'd mostly be as simple as having the main person be part of the composite key, and say that there are X number of people 
             staying at this booking.

### 4:12
- Question (Gabriel): One of my group members wanted to know if there's a Glohaven Tailwind account, so that we can have access to some of those premade components'
    -Answer: There are a bunch of sites that have components for free, but George doesn't personally have a tailwind account.
             He will ask if there's plans for a Glohaven Tailwind account, but as for right now, no there's no account. That may change.

### 4:14
- Question (Akshaj): Who are the RAs assigned by? Is it by region, or do they sign themselves up for a particular region.
    - Answer: It's not necessarily region locked, and there may be different groups who have RAs.so it would make sens for them to register themselves
              to the cities or regions they're focused in.

## Glohaven Update
- The only big update is that Mike talked to Rebecca from the city of Kamloops. 
- Another interested party, who currently manages emergencies with phones and Excel spreadsheets.


## Project Update
### 4:17
- Gabriel gives the Group A update,
    - Michael in our group is doing some preliminary design, while we all play with MVC.
    - The models and seeders are all ready to be implemented into main.

- Mashad gives group B update
    - Still setting up the whole system. Hoping to get it done this week so they can get going.

- Akshaj gives group C update,
    -Their group has created the website, and is about 50-60% done scaffolding all of the pages
    - want to get all of the views done before they worry about data and functionality


## Closing
### 4:20
- Any other business?
- the permanent IP agreement will likely be in soon. Whether Mike or George gets it.
  
Meeting Ajourned
